= The Sun Bends its Knees =

== 1 ==

The car hummed along softly as it caressed the hard black road top, as it guided
itself down the lane. Two cones of light beaconed through the air from the
vehicles headlights, illuminating a constantly changing view of falling snow;
the wind buffeted against its sleek, aerodynamic body. As it rounded corners
and dipped into curves, it calculated the optimal body shape - quickly but
carefully adjusting panels here and there - to ensure it was always running at
maximum efficiency. The vehicle realized that this was a futile attempt at these
low speeds of public roads, but it still found a sense of joy in keeping its
skills sharped, honed.

Inside the soft murmur of the vehicle and roadway was replaced by - somewhat -
loud electronic music. At least the sole occupant thought it was electronic, of
some sort. In fact, they didn't really know what to call it, but the car seemed
to enjoy the strange tones, seeing as it was the one that picked the music for the
nights drive home.

They stared out across the sea of white and black. It was like watching one of
those old television screens from the more primitive times of technology; they
had done that once, using the worlds interconnected knowledge store to explore
the history of entertainment during the early years. Oh how the world had
changed since then.

In the seat next to them, thrown on top of a coat like it was an afterthought,
the occupants phone suddenly burst into life. The little rectangle of glass
suddenly turned opaque and light poured from it, nearly as much as the
headlights were putting out, the occupant thought.

32 seconds. Thats how long you could wait before the networks dropped the call.
32 seconds was a long time, at least for someone with Magnetically Accelerated
Computing Engines wrapped around every nerve in their body. 32 more seconds to
stare across the blank night ahead of the vehicle.

Colloquially called MACE, Magnetically Accelerated Computing Engines were tiny
little machines, nearly intelligent in their own right, which attached
themselves around every nerve in your body. The benefit was amazing fast
thinking, better organization and recall of memories and overall integration
into the wider collection of information that made up "The Net." It also
increased your reaction rates to the near maximum speed afforded by normal
muscles, and heightened your senses and overall perception of the world.

Now days MACE was so far advanced - let alone in everyones body in fairly high
concentrations - that people most often choose to live inside of the MACE,
using their biological nerves for longterm memory retention. While, arguably,
the whole population was now walking around as zombie like cyborgs as a result
of using this new artificial brain material, everyone generally considered it
to be a Good Idea, and overall Better This Way.

Because of this, some bright person figured that if mere humans could live and
contain their full conciousness inside of MACE, why couldn't machines? And thus
the advanced AI revolution that everyone in the past had been so afraid of was
finally born. The vehicle the occupant was inside of had a MACE brain, its
synthpet had a MACE brain. Even coffee mugs, pencils and books has MACE in them
somewhere. In much the way MACE was highly invasive in the human body, so it
had become in the rest of the world. But thats okay because it was still one of
those Good Ideas.

8 seconds left, the occupant thought, before realizing that they'd just spent
this whole time thinking about MACE rather than accepting the beauty of the
world around them. 8 seconds, might as well answer it. Using their MACEs
communication channels, they instructed their phone to answer the call.
Communicating with the car, the phone eventually worked out how to connect to
the internal audio system - something the phone always seemed to forget how to
do - and routed the phone call through.

  "Miss? This is the Ship:MACE __I've Read the Instructions, Now What?__"
  "Hello __Read the Instructions__, is there something I can help you with?"
  "It seems that you are needed in the Sol system, ma'am, seems there is some sort of 'situation' that I've been instructed to ferry you to. I'm prepared to translate you aboard and depart immedietly."
  "Hang on, you said there was a 'situation'? What does that mean?"
  "Not a clue if I'm being honest, ma'am. The station:MACE __Distantly Watching You__ beamed me word to get you there ASAP just fractions ago. Urgent priority but with no additional information. Are you prepared to leave?"

* * *


